Try to always find a OBmann in the generation. solutions where every boat >2 seats has a obmann is to be preferred over alternative solutions.

In the Assignment Preview add a sub-tab view (In the Assignment Generator and also in the Assignment)
One in the current way (default selected ) and another one in a table view where it looks like tables in Excel

Do not change anything else in the existing code because it works pretty good.
What you shall change above that is this:

I want on the save assignments also the option to lock the assignment, so that it can be opened but no change to it is allowed any more

Save assignment shal also save the assignment name I input in the top, this is not saved and not loaded when i double click it.

Also check in the generation if people have been very often in one boat togehter, if that is the case give it a slight penalty.

Add a whitelist for boats for the rowers in the same way as it exists for other rowers.
Ione or many a whitelist entry for boats exists, the person wants only to drive these boats. (any of those)

Add a blacklist for boats for the rowers in the same way as it exists for other rowers.
If a black list entry exists the persond does not want to drive in one of these boats.

change attr2 to Body size with the values small, medium, tall and try in the generation to mapp people together. This shall also appera nin the priority selector.
Itself it should give a low penalty if mismatch. Especially when the boat size is cap = 2 make sure that only neighbouring values are used.

change attr1 to stroke length with the values short, medium, long and try in the generation to mapp people together with same values. This shall also appera nin the priority selector.
Itself it should give a middle to high penalty if mismatch.  Especially when the boat size is cap = 2 make sure that only neighbouring values are used.


Add four more attributes attr grp 1, attr grp 2, attr val 1 and attr val 2.
the grp attributes shall try to group people as good as possible and the val attributes shall try to create balance by being same on average in the different boats (cap > 2)
